Increasing the price of energy is one of the best ways to tackle the energy crisis.
에너지 가격인상은 에너지 위기를 막는 가장 좋은 방법 중 하나다.

Increasing the price of daily necessities is one of the main reasons to prevent a happy life.
Improving my skills is one of the best ways to study every day.
One of the best ways to tackle the energy crisis is increasing the price of energy.

Nuclear power provides cheap and clean energy.
원자력은 저렴하고 깨끗한 에너지를 제공한다.

would you~ : ~해주시겠습니까?

would you say~ = Do you think~

Not really

I'd suggest they visit the
I'd suggest visiting
I'd recommend they visit
I'd recommend visiting
I'd encourage them to visit

he's = he has
she'd = she would
will not = won't

the cost of living	생활비	
the pace of life	삶의 속도
the rat race		치열한 경쟁
modern	amenities		현대적 편의시설
a sense of community	공동체의식
a residential area	주거용 지역
an industral zone	상업용 지역
the suburbs			교외
the outskirts		변두리
the inner city		도심지역
the heart of the city	도심
lively / bustling /vibrant	활기찬 

public transport= public transportation
transport = transportation
overcrowded
a bus route 버스노선
commute		출퇴근하다, 통학하다
to and from 	왕복하다

I live on the outskirts of Busan.
In my town, fortunately, there is no industrial zone the pollution isn't too bad.
I prefer to live in the suburbs because it's generalyy safer and cleaner.
In my country, most of the inner city areas are quite safe but some of them can be dangerous late at night.

I need my own car to commute to work because I'm tired of other passengers.

I probably spend about one and a half hours traveling to and from work per day.

aside from = apart from = 전치사)~외에는, ~을 제외하고

From Arabella's perspective,  : 아라벨라 관점에서,

unnerve : to make (someone) feel afraid or upset and unable to think clearly

------------리스닝
P.81
1.Time square in NewYork
2.Some people even wait for hours before midnight.
3. She has 7hours and 15mins 
4.France.. <= Nicolas 
5.The time square ball drops a building at midnight. this represents the beginning of a brand new year and people start to celebrate.
--
1. 보신각,종로, 33번 종을 친다.31에서 1일로 되는 사이에
종을 울리다/치다.. ring a bell

More than 100,000 people gather in Jongno, which literally means "Bell Street", to watch the bell-ringing event.

The bell in Boshingak is rung thirty-three times at midnight of Dec. 31 every year. 
People pray and make wishes for the coming year.

2.I prefer meeting a small group 
because I can concentrate on my friends and how they feel or what they want to talk to me about. 
So we can be closer to each other.

3.I might that they do not having enough space in a large group and feel uncomfortable.

Before I said, I prefer small groups.
If I'm in a large group, I have a little fear of talking in front of people. Because they might misunderstand what I'm saying. 
But I feel like I'm part of the community for example, share some ideas or feelings
-----------
p.82 
2-1) It's frustrating to be in a crowded subway.
2)...
It's not completely impossible, it just takes time and the cost of modifications to consider.

6.
the company where my friend works ..내친구가 일하는 회사
the company where my friend works has a supporting basketball team. 
She invited me to the final season. 
The most interesting thing is the moment that one player shoots and then the winning team reverses.

--------------------------- 리딩
P.73
3-1)
First, the government should..invest in both fire suppression and prevention.
화재 진압과 예방 모두에 투자하십시오.
wildfire management is often treated as an emergency rather than routin landscape management.
- investment in fire suppression
- educating fire users
- restoring ecosystems to natural fire patterns

Secondly, it is vital for the government to..
Implement existing fire management techniques:
uch as fire monitoring and early detection, fire danger rating, and asset vulnerability management such as through buffer zones and the adoption of codes and standards – should be implemented or scaled-up.

Finally, the government should be required to..

Improve wildfire data collection and analysis:산불 데이터 수집 및 분석 개선:
 Wildfire data collection and analysis is needed to build understanding of what causes a fire and to identify gaps in prevention and response capacities. 
 With good data, governments can review wildfire management practices to identify what works and what doesn’t
===
stakeholder : 이해당사자

---리딩 p.84
[ D -1 ]
A. The most dangerous aspect of work in the canal zone was disease.  => 4

B. The Suez Canal links Europe and Asia.  => 2

C. The Panama Canal works by a series of locks.	=> 9


D. The name of the southernmost tip of South America is Cape Horn. => 1

E. Reducing or eliminating mosquitos was key to completing work on the canal.	=> 6

F. The United States completed construction of the Panama Canal.	=>9

G. France began construction on the Pananma Canal.	=>4

H. A majority of the world's goods is transported by ship.	=> 13

[ D -2 ]
1. 1869
2. 1880
3. 1907
4. 6000
5. 1914
6. 8.6
7. 1000
8. 1999
9. 77
10. 90
